# `blog init`
A recent goal of mine has been to write more. Usually, when I have spent my time learning things, it has involved either reading something or building something. This is a sad reality because I have believed, ever since the early days of uni, that writing promotes critical thinking. Yet, it has taken me almost a decade to start this blog. But that is water under the bridge now and I am happy to say that have finnaly started. I intend for this blog to be a place to leave my notes on the subjects I'm learning. Teaching others is a great way to learn a subject because in teaching, you also expose your shortcomings. By identifying my shortcomings regarding a subject I also identify what to focus on. That should make me a better software developer. At least, that is what my motivation is. Apart from this I believe everyone should adopt the habit of sharing their knowledge. In computer science especially, things change quickly and posts, guides and manuals quickly become outdated.

## Who am I
I currently work as a software consultant in Oslo. I graduated in 2015 from NTNU with a master in computer technology. Since then I have worked with starting a company, embedded systems and distributed systems. I like message based systems and have for the last couple of years worked with a huge distributed system for insurrance. I would like to work more with the whole stack, which is why I try to learn front end technologies during my spare time. When I am not working, I enjoy a good workout and my favorite place in Oslo is probably Crossfit Gamlebyen. 